samples: mpsl: timeslot: fix timeslot sample (#7365)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

> Bluetooth® LE

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be under MPSL, not Bluetooth?

=============

.. rst-class:: v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

NCSIDB-731: :ref:`timeslot_sample` crashes when calling kernel APIs from zero latency interrupts

>   It is not allowed to call kernel APIs from zero latency interrupts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Calling kernel APIs is not allowed from zero latency interrupts.
```
